I'd like to tell you about the quiet man
he's John Wayne in a picture you'll soon
be cheering it's the story of Sean
Thornton a right intended man who came
from America to forget his past in
inisfree
there he met a fiery redheaded lass and
the village marriage broker went to work
that's a pretty bonnet you have on
bonnet don't you'll be talking to me
about bonnets I have to leave in mind
stuck up there like manner bully of a
brother red will Danaher refused to pay
her rightful dowry
[Music]
there'll be no locks or bolts between us
mary-kate accept those in your own
mercenary little heart mary-kate left
him to go to Dublin but he caught her at
the station and brought her back with
the whole town watching him do it how
they never then fight was on a fight
they're still talking about an industry
it's a wonderful picture the finest ever
brought to the screen by John Ford and
he's won three Academy Awards his
direction makes unforgettable the
performances of John Wayne marine O'Hara
Barry Fitzgerald and Victor McClendon
[Music]